To all those who may be concerned,

My name is Orman Watson T., I am an data science developer focused on data analytics. I've worked as a Data Scientist and Business Intelligence Analyst, using tools in the full data stack of Microsoft. My specialties are in T-SQL, R, C, and Assembly Language for x86-64 processors, as well as Visual Basic Programming (VBA) for Microsoft Office. I am creating this repository to build a better and integrated development environment for the R programming system. The IDE will allow console input, and once you have solved your programming errors, my IDE will have a compiler that let's you compile the program to byte code, using the C language. Why C? Because it is fast and close to the hardware. Additionally, a multitude of native mathematical functions will be written in Assembly Language for fast runtimes. My estimate for project completion is May of 2023. Why so long? Because I am a single developer working on this project. I am excited about this project because it will include the best features of alternative IDEs, with none of the errors or annoying features. This is a for-profit project, but don't worry, if you are a single programmer, developing on your own, the product will be provided through a subscription of $5.00/month (auto-renewed until cancellation). For commercial purposes, RStudio charges minimally $995/user/device/year. I can do better than that! For commercial and other NGO organizations, the cost will be $300/user/year; more than a full two-thirds less than RStudio. Moreover, the subscription does not limit the number of devices, only the number of users for each license. It is quite common for a developer to have multiple devices. I want all users to feel free to load the app on all of his/her devices, ranging from their phone, tablet, laptop, and desktop. Yes, there will be an app for iOS and Android.

## About me

I have been programming since I was 12. I began programming professionally since age 18, developing physics simulations. After which, I worked for Ernst & Young, developing VBA applications for Excel that brought order to a large number of individual files. From there, I worked for two engineering firms doing Business Intelligence engineering and analytics. I did this for four years as an independent consultant. After which, I worked for American Greetings, at which I worked as a business analyst, doing information analytics where I discovered a way to predict the likelihood that a customer would pay the most for online cards and games for children under 12. After that I worked for a polyvinyl manufacturer of housing construction materials. I was there for ten years performing predictive analytics. My next job involved programming in Transact-SQL as a full-time SQL programmer for four years. After that, I joined thatadata.com, located on Rockside road. Here, I have been able to use all of my talents: from business intelligence engineering to Data Science. I have worked five years at thatadata.com, and it is the workplace in which I learned a great deal about commercial data domain programming.

## My education

I graduated in 2004 from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) with a Bachelor of Science in Applied Mathematics.
